Well come back and in this lesson we're going to use our script that we used before that we developed
before where we're adding subtracting multiplying and dividing.
But instead of these We're going to use callbacks in order to do the functionality here.
So let's start setting up our functions.
So we've got our functions there already pre-determined names and we're not passing the arguments into
them.
So what we're actually going to be doing is we're going to be using a third function in order to accommodate
and to create that callbacks are you really calling out to the function.
And we're going to be passing those parameters into the function
from the functions that get triggered from that each else.
So let's do it see.
So that would be our output our callback.
So we need to pass some parameters so a b and we also sort of passing in these two values.
Number one and number two.
And then the other thing that we need to also pass in is we need to pass in the sign because remember
before we're outputting those values and we're visually outputting them.
So it does make it a little bit more complicated so we need a way to get that sign that symbol.
So this one is going to be called C or S..
And then lastly we're going to do our callback.
So this is our callback function that we're going to be passing into our output.
C and what output C is going to be doing just like the last lesson.
We're going to have our result and we're going to use the past in function and what we're going to do
is we're going to do the value of A and B
and then we're going to output whatever that value of the result is put in h t m l and simply concatenated
together and we can pass in the value of a plus.
So concatenates a nice space there so it's more readable.
And this is where the sign or symbol that we're passing through is and then space at it again nice and
neatly and then do a b and again space so they would put an equal sign there.
And then this is where we're going to put whatever that value for result is.
So this will within output and see the function and see this is always going to look the same.
And we're going to use the functions and we're use callback in order to create different functions for
Seebach.
So now we've got this set up and there's one other thing they're doing an add in but I'm not going to
add that in yet and it's going to show you the benefit of using callbacks.
So now we need to output to output C and set up the values of the numbers.
So we know that we've got these elements as objects here so we can simply grab those and we can say
some value and then it's number 2.
And same thing values are grabbing the values and the symbol for odd is going to be a plus sign.
So we need to pass that in.
And then lastly let's set up our function.
So our function is going to take the two parameters A and B and then we're going to do something with
those parameters.
So we're going to simply return back a plus b.
So to keep it nice and simple.
So this is all our function is really doing.
And we see what's going to happen when it calls to out.
See we're going to pass in this anonymous function.
It's going to take those values of A and B.
So it's going to take a number value one and number value to.
It's going to pass it in to this anonymous function and it's going to add a and b together and it's
going to return back the result.
And that's how we're going to have that result.
So we can try that out and let's put in four and six it together and we get 46.
So you know what happened here.
Do you know why we're getting 46.
This is again when we're taking in values from the inputs they're automatically string values.
So javascript actually doesn't know yet to convert them into numbers.
So this is where we can really make use of callback.
So typically before we would have to do something like number here and before every value we had to
convert them into numbers.
But things are a lot simpler now because we're passing in these two values.
And for the output they can still be strings that doesn't actually matter.
It's only for the actual callback function that we need to have them as number values.
So we can change them to numbers over here.
But what actually makes even more sense is if I just do number here and convert to a number and convert
B to a number and we'll try that.
So now let's refresh and do four and six again or four and five and I'm missing a bracket.
There.
That's why it's not working.
So let's refresh it again.
So four and six and do I add and this time it's working properly.
So we see that we can have large numbers add them together and everything works nice and smoothly.
So what I want you to do now if you haven't done this already to pause the video and use what we've
learned here and build out the other three function out functionalities so the subtraction the multiplication
and the division and I'll show you how easy this is going to be.
Now that we're using callbacks.
So this is going to be really easy it's going to take it's not going to take very long to copy and paste
these and build this out.
So give it a try and I'm sure to do that coming up.
So you had the opportunity to try that out and as I said this isn't going to take very long at all because
we've got all of this we've got these dynamic functions that we're passing in here using callback.
So all we need to do is we need to make sure that we Hookup the right names here so this one is well.
So we need to do a little bit of housekeeping here to read it.
So now we've hooked up all of the write function names and the next thing that we need to do is.
So this one is subtraction.
So we just update the symbol there.
This one is multiplication so we can update the symbol here and we can also pass in the X there.
So that's more typically users might expect multiplications that of the Asterix.
So you're welcome to do that as well.
And then the division.
So now let's refresh and try out our formulas.
So add subtract multiply and divide.
So everything works seamlessly.
And just as it should.
So we see that now we can update the divide.
So subtracts we're not getting negative so we're not getting large decimal place numbers there.
So everything now works nice and seamlessly.
And it was simply by just updating and copying and pasting and just updating this one little piece of
code.
We can add all of this additional functionality.
So what I want you to do now is to pause the video and I've got one more challenge for this video.
I want you to add modulus to remember modulus before where we had two numbers and we could take one
number into the other number and we'd get a remainder.
So what I want you to do now is to add another option for that.
So pause the video and I'll show you how to do that.
Coming up so if you had the opportunity to try that it's I think it's much less the javascript modulus
operator and we're just going to update this.
And now let's go down to here and we don't actually have to update anything within our callback function.
We just need to add in another function in order to accommodate thought so too marred by.
And over here we use a percentage sign and we'll use the percentage sign here as well.
And now let's let's try this.
So do 50
and we see that 60 modulus So 50.
So this one was 50.
So if we do 60 into 60 that's zero.
Let's do 35 and we see that a remainder is 25.
Let's do a larger number.
So fifty eight.
So modulus So 58 into 60 goes in once has a remainder of two.
Let's try another number.
Let's try something smaller Let's try nine.
So nine goes in probably about six times and has a remainder of six and so on.
So we see that we've got that one working as well so we've got now five different options of what we
can do in our javascript function calculator.